On top of all that, her parents told her yesterday that they were getting a divorce.
She started crying after she finished the song.
She had frozen pizza every night for dinner for a week.
I planned to walk home, but my feet got so sore I had to find a bus stop instead.
He had always wanted to be a Youtuber but never thought it would actually happen.
When her boss didn't respond to her text immediately, she started to panic.
The guy I met online is probably a psychopath.
Tom doesn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Tom stepped off the bus with a smile on his face.
She hated chocolate chip cookies, but she loved gingersnaps.
She liked mustard and onions on her hotdog, but nothing else.
The Queen of England lives in Buckingham Palace.
She wanted a week or two off of work, just to try to reduce her stress level.
I haven’t heard anything about him since you wrote to me.
We stayed an extra night because we were having so much fun.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
He was sick of applying for jobs on job boards.
Who's calling on the phone this late at night?
What should you do if you find a spider on your bed?
How can she afford a multi-million dollar house?
If Tom finishes his homework, he can watch TV.
The giraffe licked the tree and spat at the gorilla.
The principle of fecundity says everything imaginable exists in some place.
Moral Foundations Theory states that there are five main moral foundations which inform people’s moral decision-making.
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.
At first, he was very excited by the salary of his new job in New York,  but then he realized how expensive it was to live there.
I think it's fine to have many credit cards, as long as you pay them off every month.
Tom recognized three of the names on the list.
Tom stepped off the bus with a smile on his face.
Your sister is my best friend because she always shares her treats with me.
She was twenty-two years old and had never drank a Coca Cola in her life.
Democracy over what we work on is called socialist.
The tree was so old that it was considered a historic monument.
Her parents bought her a bunny, and then she realized she was allergic to it.
Sometimes you just gotta roll with the punches.
She paid over a thousand dollars a month for her tiny studio apartment, which did not have a dishwasher or consistent heating.
I fell in the mud as I was walking home from school today.
If you change your mind, just say the word and I'll be there.
It would be crushing for him to lose both of his parents in a single year.
The guy I met online is probably a psychopath.
She was very hungry but unwilling to cut their coffee date short.
The earthquake was the scariest one that we had ever experienced.
Tom works for a big advertising firm in Boston.
I recently lost $140 at the Casino in Cleveland because of multiple poor decisions on my part.
That's the biggest grasshopper I've ever seen.
Neil Patrick Harris is one of the few famous people who can actually sing.
The chandelier swayed in the breeze, sending dust drifting over the tables.
The beekeeper was so confident that she didn't bother to wear protective gear.
They can be taught to feed themselves if you allow them access to your pantry.
A big tree in the field was struck by lightning.
It didn’t live up to my expectations at the meeting.
She loved to visit new coffeeshops, especially when they were cheap.